[otap-dataflow] add kafka receiver into contrib-nodes (#3261)
open-telemetry/otel-arrow: rust/otap-dataflow/crates/contrib-nodes/src/receivers/kafka_receiver/README.md

  retry") or when the failure is marked permanent.
- While retries are in progress the message's offset stays in-flight at the
  receiver, so it is **not** committed and remains eligible for redelivery on
  restart.
- Only genuinely terminal failures reach the receiver and advance the offset.

See [At-Least-Once with the Retry Processor](#at-least-once-with-the-retry-processor)
for a complete pipeline example.

#### Comparison with the Go Kafka receiver

The OpenTelemetry Collector's Go Kafka receiver bundles offset committing,
message marking, and error backoff into a single component. This receiver splits
those concerns across two pipeline nodes: the receiver handles offset commit and
marking, while transient-failure retry is delegated to the
[retry processor](../../../../core-nodes/src/processors/retry_processor/README.md).

The tables below summarize
the **feature gaps** relative to the Go receiver; the
[offset/error-handling mapping](#offset-and-error-handling) and
[Known gaps](#known-gaps--behavioral-differences) further down cover the
offset-commit and retry differences.

##### Signals

The Go receiver also consumes a `profiles` signal. This receiver supports

> `traces`, `metrics`, and `logs` only -- there is no `profiles` signal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Go receiver also consumes a `profiles` signal. This receiver supports
`traces`, `metrics`, and `logs` only -- support for `profiles` has not yet been added..
```
